c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\CRUD2.Droid.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\CRUD2.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Core.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.IO.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\pruebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD2\CRUD2\CRUD2.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
